I knew you would ambush me here
But I didn't expect your people to be so useless
Sister, please forgive me.
Forgive me, I won't dare to oppose you next time.
Do not say
I'll leave these chops to you and Lao Huang to deal with
Give the Jiang family a long memory
aunt
I'm going to see what other tricks Chen Tianyou has to die for
Has the Chen family, the head of the family, not been destroyed yet?
The Chen family now only has the Year of the Dog left
Wait until I do it myself
There is no need for your Jiang family to exist
I know the master
The person you are looking for
Li Family Li Meng is the most suitable
Immediately notify the 3 great masters
I want to start a family
Wait. Thank you for saving my life
The old man can't repay
Why don't I take you as my teacher?
Seriously, if you're not kidding.
Forget it.
I don't like to apprentice people who play tricks
He saw through